9 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and here
in Hong Kong, you're watching the China
Show. I'm Y Ivon Mang [music] with
Stephen Engel. We're kind down the open
of markets in greater China. Our top
stories, the tech route extends [music]
in Asia with Korea leading losses as
chip makers tumble. Bets on a Fed rate
hike after a strong US jobs report also
weighing on sentiment [music] today.
Amid that sell-off, Nvidia and SKH
Heinix sign a pack to advance next
generation memory as Jensen Huang dines
and deals [music] in Seoul. Also ahead,
oil rising on fresh tensions in the
Middle East with Iran firing [music]
several rounds of missiles towards
Israel. And you don't want to miss this.
Bloomberg Oddlots's hosts [music] Tracy
Aloway and Joe Weisenthal join us this
hour to dig into the tech selloff AI and
their dream guest for their podcast.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Yeah, it was supposed to be a special
day, Steve. Really just talking about
the big week that we're supposed to have
here at Hong Kong. Bloomberg Invest is
happening. We have Tracy, we have Joe uh
set to come on set here. And certainly
there's going to be a lot to talk about
when you have oil prices higher, you
have tech selling off and all colliding
at once. I was hunkered down with all
the storms that ran through Hong Kong
and over the weekend really seeing the
news flow obviously even what's
happening in Korea with new regulations
there to stem the wands decline but
again uh missiles being fired again
towards Israel by Iran uh you have this
is this the point of culmination that's
the question about uh not only the war
in Iran but also of course with the AI
bubble or not bubble we'll have to see
lots to talk about today
>> yes so certainly there's one thing to
watch very closely right where we are in
this unwind of of Korea Korea and how
that is going to fall out uh when it
comes to China markets, right? Hong Kong
might be under more pressure, so to
speak, than domestically. We've seen
that in the past as well, but we'll see.
But the ADRs that we saw on Friday were
not pretty given what we saw with KWEB,
the ETFs there. Let's take a look at how
markets are looking at here right now
with Taiwan opening up. The Cosby
basically starting off the week uh there
falling out of bed and in the toilet in
some ways. We're down some 6% for the
Cosby right now. Taiwan is feeling it as
well. We're down more than 2 2600 points
at the get-go here. So, uh, the most
popular sort of trades today continue to
get hit. What was the trigger? I would
say was possibly what we heard from that
US jobs report, right? The blowout
number that we got was much bigger than
the median estimates as well. So, it
seems to put to bed, Steve, the
possibility of rate cuts this year.
>> Well, I mean, the jobs report really
indicates the economic resilience, but
at the same time, it throws into
question what is Mr. Wash going to do in
his first FOMC meeting. uh we already
heard Donald Trump is saying there's no
reason to raise interest rates. They
actually should be cut. So he again the
similar trope that he is uh messaged but
again we'll have to see
>> especially when it needs to talk about a
resilient US economy. You have oil
markets that are still quite elevated.
We're talking about Brent and crude up
2% once again on more uh attacks that
are happening between Iran and Israel
over the weekend. Although we're still
sub 100, right? So that certainly is
still maybe some relief there. But US
futures now are actually popping in the
green. So maybe we've seen the worst of
it. I don't know. It's too early to
tell, I have to say. Look at Asia
Pacific. We're down close to three here.
Uh and you take a look at how EMFX is or
just overall Asia FX because dollar yen
continues to see that pressure. We have
seen that Juan rebound though on the
back of what we heard from South Korean
officials over the weekend. They're
meeting with of course the BK. They're
talking about excessive one-sided moves
to the one. That is a substantial
rebound for the currency at least here
today. Rem at 678 levels. We'll see if
that continues to be that anchor across
the EMFX complex. But there you go,
dollar yen. We're back above 160. Now,
uh we have to keep in mind also there is
a massive earthquake that that struck in
Mindanao in the Philippines here, a
magnitude of 8.2. So certainly that also
continues to be felt. There tsunami
warnings across Japan and Taiwan and the
like here this morning. So it's not just
the earthquake that we're feeling across
markets here today. And treasuries, this
is what we're looking at, right? So I
think what we're watching out for is the
what happened the short end post jobs
report, right? when you have one of the
biggest moves we've seen uh for that
two-year yield in about two weeks or so
uh 10 years at what 455 and it's a five
handle for your US 30-year yield now you
have some of these Wall Street
economists abandoning their rate cut
calls right Goldman was the latest
saying yeah can't cut the Fed this year
B&B Paraba thinks three hikes starting
from December so certainly the rate hike
recalibrations continue here and again
here's your market board for your
pre-market in Hong Kong and China
futures are doing this here right Now we
talked about what we saw in the last
trade on Friday. Right? This was where
we saw that blood bath begin. BU was
down some 9% in the US. BABA was down
close to four. So the K web side of
things, the ETFs as well as the NASA
gold and dry falling substantially here
today. Maybe a telling signal on what's
to come. Let's bring in Sean Taylor,
CIO, portfolio and portfolio manager at
Matthews Asia. He joins us here on set.
Sean, what how do I look at this right
now? Is is this the big unwind and the
big correction?
>> Well, in our opinion, no. Um it's a
technical correction and you know it
could be extended depending on two
factors. one is the other news around it
that's coming out like you know what
Steven was saying in in terms of the oil
price um and two how the retail
investors in places like career act
because a lot of people have not got
this trade from the beginning they have
been going in you know with leverage in
the last few weeks and that caused a
huge rise in markets so for prof
professional investors this is an
opportunity whether it's a day or a week
away to be increasing exposure to these
areas where we know that earnings are
continuing to go up.
>> You don't think this is akin to the
dotcom bubble bursting? Obviously, it's
too early to say that because it was a
one-day blood bath essentially in the US
and follow through in Asia. But again, I
just came back from Taiwan and Computex.
The amount of optimism is backed by full
order books by many of these uh
different part suppliers whether it's
Delta, Advente, and others. So they are
continuing to be bullish even though tax
I understand the futures are are down
significantly. Um is this a much more
fundamental story this time around than
it was do bubble?
>> We we we think so. Um so both in Korea
and Taiwan you've got a demand supply
gap. You're having the order books being
incredibly strong. You know we've got
you know um we've got earnings that are
are going towards 27 looking very
strong. Um but markets have have run
hard. I mean the the difference I think
with an AI this AI you know bubble or or
pick up relative to the com is that com
was not based on earnings it was based
on elevated PE and so you know when you
look at the AI now the pees are still
low so you've got to ask your question
is it structural how many years is this
growth going to come through or is it
cyclical and if it's structural well
then some of these areas are worth
double or triple because the earnings
will come through If it's struct if it's
cyclical then we should be selling soon
and I think it's probably going to be
somewhere in the middle.
>> How do you stay invested then? Right,
you talk about these leverage ETFs, you
talk about the options market where
people are now shifting more about
finding downside protection.
>> How do you stay invested in this market
like Korea without giving back a portion
of your gains?
>> Um well I think I think in some stocks
you will give back some gains because
you've had such a big run. Um
diversification is the only way. So for
career, we've always, you know, we've
been quite positive on career for a
couple of years. Um, but we've had a
balance. We like some of the value up
stocks that, you know, the financials,
we like the industrials that have
actually lagged behind, the defense
stocks, etc. Um, and then the semis
obviously and within that, you know,
you've had rotation in the market. So,
you know, everyone's been buying two
stocks. But there are a number as you
know we we actually spoke before Stephen
there are a number of companies that are
seeing incredible order books and those
haven't been gone up as much. So it's
about spreading it a little bit of space
a little bit of power uh you know some
you know AI PCs have only just started
to be reflected in prices. So it's
really looking along the chain and
making sure you're diversified. The
biggest worry I have as a CIO and a PM
is that you know emerging markets was oh
it's a diversification trade hey Asia
you know US isn't doing as well let's
buy Asia but actually now it's a le this
this recent run has been a leverage
trade on AI and that's why we've always
had to particularly in our core
strategies have some balance keep some
financials in China keep some
industrials have some stocks in other
areas because you know this is going to
happen we're going to have weeks like
this
>> that that that um you know that start
off fairly ugly.
>> Well, when you saw the Philadelphia
semiconductor index, the socks down
about 10% on Friday. I mean, there's a
lot of indication that perhaps this is
just profit taking right now after an
incredible runup and also kind of adding
to the cash war chest ahead of some
pretty big IPOs including one at the end
of this week.
>> Absolutely. And I think the problem is
is that a lot of people have really
leveraged into a very very narrow area.
I mean actually EM when people look at
it is even narrower than the NASDAQ now.
And you know the earnings if you take
the sort of equivalent to the mag seven
the earnings in the US sorry the
earnings in Asia you know they've come
through they've it's only really been
four or five stocks and so you know the
rest has been left behind so you have to
have some sort of balance but you know
if the rest of the world is you know if
people are worried about rates in the US
if the oil price is going to go up and
we start to see some that becomes growth
sensitive
>> the and we become the forecast start I
mean I've seen a number of investment
banks have changed their cost or next
year for the rate for a rate cut.
>> Yeah,
>> we start worrying about the growth. Then
people start looking for those areas
that are we know where the growth is and
we know the growth is in AI and the the
supply chain.
>> So at some stage people will buy them
back.
>> When you look at it from a CIO
perspective, what what what is the the
right hedge? I I look at the US 30-year
yield at 5%. That does that put gold
aside in terms of being a good hedge?
The you know duration certainly is is
still in question in the bond market now
too. So it's really interesting when you
you know gold is probably taking a pause
over the next few months. Um but the
other commodities I mean are slightly
out of sync with well and the share
prices of commodity stocks with um
what's happening in AI because if if we
really do have and we do believe it our
analysts believe it that we have this
demand supply gap commod these
commodities like copper and aluminum etc
are going to go up a lot and the stocks
haven't gone up as much and then
particularly in China where you've got
some I think some fairly world-class
commodity companies they are being
priced for you know really quite quite
badly. They're down 15% on the year.
They got like 9% yields. At some stage
they're going to be very good
protection. The trouble is with with the
commodity side you also have the growth
angle. So you have the macro which is
like well if global growth is going to
be a bit slower then commodities get
hit. Um and then you have the micro
angle where the demand and supply is
very strong. So the real So I would
hedge a little bit there. Yeah. But you
could be might have to be patient. The
obvious area in Asia is to hedge with
financials whether it's Japanese
financials um you know Chinese
financials. I mean the Chinese going
through a bit of a regulation issue. So
I'd be more based on the more boring
stocks.
>> What about Azan and also India? You and
I before this we talked a little bit
about Indonesia. It's not part of the AI
play. Obviously uh there's some new
regulation on stemming or nationalizing
if you will their key commodity exports.
So very briefly
>> we're very nervous on Philippines very
ner with the politics and the oil price
very nervous on on Indonesia. We like
Singapore. So in Asian you know in Asian
portfolios Singapore is doing very well
um and also Vietnam which which you know
not many people have been investing. Um
and there's some good opportunity
there's some good opportunities in
industrials. India we're still nervous
because India is still expensive and the
earnings are still coming down and
unfortunately for India there's no real
growth driver that to change that and
you know that's that that that you know
that means that you're not going to just
go and hide in India and the oil prices
against India and so software. All
right, Sean. Thank you. Sean Taylor, CIO
and portfolio manager at Matthews Asia.
As we speak, we're seeing Japan now
continue extending that selloff here.
We're down some 4%. So, tech has been
leading that selloff as well with
SoftBank down close to 9% this morning.
Uh coming up next, we got Joe, we got
Tracy from the Bloomberg podcast. Odd
lots [music] joining the show discussing
all things markets, tech, and of course,
the Bloomberg Invest Summit happening in
Hong Kong later on this week. Uh futures
in China looking like this here right
now. Now, we continue to see here some
[music] pressure when it comes to
Taiwan. Cosby as well. We talked about
trading halts there this morning. Taipei
is down 4 and a half%. Cosby [music] is
down seven. We got plenty more to come.
Stay with us here on this Monday. This
is Bloomberg.
In the longer run, this will prove to be
a technical correction, albeit a a, you
know, scary one in uh in a longerterm
[music] bull market. And uh I think we
laid that logic out pretty clearly in a
report we did last week where the
underlying fundamentals are still very
very strong.
>> Tim Mo there Goldman Sachs chief APEC
equity strategist speaking to Asia trade
when it comes to this stock tumble in
Korea here. Goldman recently though
still have boosted their outlook when it
comes to South Korean stocks and in
particular we're actually hearing this
morning the president Lij Moon is
speaking I think he's marking his second
year in in office. So certainly he's
talking a little bit more about this
sort of AI boom and what's really kind
of fueling this economy here and they
really talked about the growth benefits
must not remain in selected groups Steve
and to really unveil this big investment
project for growth strategy and really
talking about plans to use excess tax
revenue from chips. So certainly that
whole AI dividend
>> y
>> debate coming back on Samsung. It
absolutely is when there's been
obviously some labor issues at Samsung
and those are some of the issues that
were also being sort of raised again at
TSMC whether where's this uh
profitability
uh uh dividend if you will right so
again it this these comments from the
Lee is also follows what we heard
yesterday as far as there's going to be
some uh firm measures to stem
speculation in the wan
>> yeah it's the perfect time to have some
some guests from New York that are
coming here in Hong Kong. Of course, we
have I mean, the NBA finals. I [music]
mean, you know, the Knicks taking game
two again and then they all bring down
the fire here, bringing the the momentum
from New York. We're we're joined by, of
course, the OddLotss co-host, [music]
>> Tracy Aloway and Joe Eisenhal. It's
great to have you guys. How you doing?
>> On the program. We had to kind of in the
midst of that first a block, it was so
intense. And then we had to bring in the
OddLots music to kind of calm us all
down a little bit.
>> But thanks for bringing the storm clouds
in.
>> Well, thank you. It's June in Hong Kong.
Come on.
>> Do you remember, Tracy?
>> I remember June and it was often like
this, so you can't blame us.
>> Yeah. I mean, what do you make of these
markets here right now?
>> I mean, it's just been a crazy upyear.
So, you're going to have some crazy down
days. I mean, we could come up with
stories about various idiosyncratic
reasons relating to each stock or the
Broadcom uh, you know, earnings last
week, etc. And all that's true, I would
say. But the bigger truth is that when
you have unbelievably surreal moves like
we've seen through 2026 where entire
markets are moving like penny stocks, is
it that weird to get a 8% down day or 4%
move? Not really. I mean, that's just
what you would expect in in a market
like this. It is strange though that the
inflationary pressures in the US economy
were picking up for like weeks and weeks
and weeks
>> and the market didn't really seem to
care which is unusual if you think that
the market's being driven by big tech
growth and these companies are spending
so much on capex. So any increase in
their capital costs like should end up
impacting them. But the market just saw
through it for ages up until the
payrolls report. Yeah,
>> maybe with the payrolls report, it was
one of those things where some of the
more doves could say, "Okay, yeah,
inflation is gathering steam, but
there's some softness on the labor
market side." To the extent that that
maybe was like a point in the doves
quiver that sort of seems to be gone, I
would say it's good news, right? I mean,
the the worst would be stagflation just
from an economic standpoint where you
have inflation accelerating and you
don't have labor market gains. Now you
have actually a lot of the labor market
data is looking at least okay if not
accelerating. That's what the jobs
report Friday seemed to indicate. So
that's good. Again though it still feels
to me like the big story is just the
huge up move even more than the down
move and then you get this little
decline. Interesting. I was walking
through Koon yesterday and I went walked
in front of a retail brokerage and they
were advertising various stocks and ETFs
that you could buy and it was really
striking. It was just like all the same
names and there was a big sign about the
SpaceX IPO coming up and the ARC space
ETF and all this stuff. I was like,
"Wow, this this rally it sort of drove
home for me for the first time how this
rally is truly global in in all the
names that everybody's talking about
everywhere around the world."
>> Space XP
SpaceX, but SpaceX is this week. I'm
just given the I mean there I think Elon
Musk really wants one of the biggest
retail allocations ever really in this
IPO which is already the biggest ever
>> but we also have the news flow coming
out saying Chinese and Hong Kong
investors cannot participate in that and
this the those aerospace stocks are also
a big priority in Hong Kong we had you
know the financial secretary in his
budget essentially talk about the Hong
Kong stock exchange needs to carve out
you know ways to get more Chinese
aerospace companies listed here but
again this is national security issues
and that's again where this whole
bifurcation between China and the United
States gets muddied by what is national
security and what is not right so
>> yeah how do you think this is flows are
going to be this week just given the
whole SpaceX IPO now how do you think
this is going to play out
>> I do think this is kind of historic
generally I mean obviously it's historic
just from a pure numbers standpoint but
I do think it's kind of a big deal you
know look uh we're going to have a
handful of IPOs in 2026 that are going
to come not necessarily into the index
per se because obviously there's
questions about the timing of index
inclusion, but if you just think sort of
like from the broad market portfolio,
they're going to be coming in as some of
the biggest names ever, which we've
never really had before. So, you think
even someone who never allocated
directly to Nvidia, they would have
caught the run from like when it was one
of the smallest stocks in the S&P 500 to
the biggest, right? So, we're going to
be having these names come into the
public that are near the biggest without
the the public investors having ever
gotten any of the runup. That's
different or at least interesting. And I
don't think it'll like break market
[laughter] per se, but like it's
interesting. I think it's worth bearing
and I think it's worth thinking through
some of the implications.
>> Well, S&P 500 ended up backing down from
bending its rules. So that was an
interesting decision and like highlights
some of the differences between the big
benchmark indust indices providers. But
on the other hand like so much of the
market now is momentum driven. It just
feels like once it gets going it just
like attracts more and more capital like
valuations don't seem to matter. It's
just this sort of snowball effect. So on
the other hand, you know, SpaceX coming
into the market suddenly throws it open
to a bunch more capital like you could
see it build on momentum
>> and we'll see it in this part of the
world too with the big chip makers
coming. Kun Sheen, CXMT, names maybe in
New York haven't heard of in great
detail, but again, there's some big ones
coming down.
>> We don't know anything about the
companies in Europe. We only know about
the stocks. This is [laughter] the key
thing. What do these companies do? We
don't know. We know there's something
memory chip related and so people buy
them. And so we're going to have to
learn here what they actually
>> Yeah, we we we always joke about how we
all need engineering degrees now just to
learn about the whole supply chain. It's
not just the picks and shovels. It's the
picks and shovels of the picss and
shovels that we've been tracking here.
>> That's really good. I'm going to I'm
going to I'm going to [laughter]
different
turbium and all the different
>> it's not just NAF NAFTA. All these other
things that we've been tracking as well.
Um we're going to have plenty more of
course with Tracy and Joe here in the
next few minutes or so. Uh we're going
to talk a little bit more about why
they're here. Obviously it is Bloomberg
Invest Hong Kong. They're going to be
filming one of their episodes right on
stage here and they'll be speaking with
the BU CFO as part of that upcoming
podcast as well. So, plenty of
opportunities to talk about AI and
[music] the like. Uh Steve and I of
course will be there on the ground.
David will be back for that as well this
week. [music] Pre-market for Hong Kong
looking not too good. We're down one and
a half% here. Futures are deep in the
red here right now in China. [music]
678 though pretty steady still at least
when it comes to the remn. We got plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
So, I want to bring you the latest when
it comes to the South Korean president
LJ Moon uh is speaking there at a news
conference marking his [music] first
year in office and really talking a
little bit more about what we're seeing
in the Korea side of things. Right,
those ETFs in Hong Kong. There you go.
following some double digits once again.
And this is really kind of the ETF
market that has really kind of magnified
a lot of the moves that we're seeing the
cost just given what these leveraged uh
retail investors are really buying up
here right now and the need into chasing
protection here uh while that things are
falling. Uh he's been talking about the
inflation situation right now, right? So
he's saying it's unlikely to escalate
into an inflation crisis, he says, but
he is the you know government is working
to minimize those inflationary
pressures. Uh and they're watching when
it comes to of course this cracking down
stock manipulation. Uh also they talked
about ways to boost the wand too.
>> Yeah, that's right. I mean look, Jensen
Juan, the genanity has gone from Taiwan
last week where I was there where all
these stocks were up double digits. Uh
this week it's going the opposite
direction. I I hate to make a parallel,
but he did throw out the the ball at the
baseball game. The Ducson Bears.
>> Oh,
>> ushering in a bare market perhaps
[laughter] for Jensanity. Jensen Hong,
of course I'm talking about Nvidia.
>> All right. Uh, we'll have plenty more to
come. I talk a little more about,
[music] of course, Jensen Hong in Korea
there. Really the rockstar status he
brought there. We got the open coming up
next. This is Bloomberg.
And welcome back. You are watching the
China show. We're counting down to the
open of [music] markets. We are getting
headlines about some retaliatory strikes
uh from Israel's IDF saying they struck
military [music] targets in Iran.
Explosions are being heard in the
Iranian cities of Tabri and Isvahan.
[music]
Uh this according to a number of
different media reports, but also the
IDF, the Israeli [music] Defense Forces
has uh put out an alert, a text alert a
short while ago, and I'm quoting, "The
Israeli [music] Air Force struck
military targets belonging to the
Iranian terror regimes in western and
central Iran." I'm quoting, [music] of
course, not adding any commentary there,
but of course, this follows Iran firing
several rounds of missiles overnight
towards Israel, which [music] uh says it
intercepted all the missiles uh and
there were no casualties. But again, a
threat again, Ivon, to the fragile
[music] truce that's been going on for
about a month now.
>> Yep. So, as we heard of these new lines
that are crossing your terminal here
right now, you continue to see that
spike up in oil prices. So, Brent is now
up some 4% here. So, we're we're really
kind of inching back closer to that $100
barrel mark when it comes to these
latest headlines when it comes to
strikes between Israel as well and and
Iran over the weekend. So you pair that
with what's going on with this tech
selloff across the world and you see
what's going on in onore markets here
right now. Your market open is not
looking pretty. We're down 2% for the
CSI 300 and the Shanghai Composite.
Shenzhen of course which hosts a lot of
those uh big tech names is falling close
to 3% here today. And there you go.
Cabricon Tech, right? Take a look at
some of these semiconductors uh in China
are also falling uh against this
backdrop of what the Samsung SKH
highixes are doing and TSMC's here
today. So Hecon Tech is down close to
5%. It is mostly a see already even in
the consumption space. CATL A shares of
course that is the battery maker is also
seeing the pressure. So what has won out
uh even on the onore markets is now
losing out here today. And there you go.
We're back to 97 levels for Brent here.
Hong Kong is looking like this here
today. Obviously there has been some
pressure on HST of late. There was a
little bit of optimism given what we
heard when it came to of course 10 cent
and really how they're incorporating AI
into WeChat. obviously all these big
chipmaker IPOs that are coming through
but today it's it's a different story
right it's just mostly like catching a
falling knife at this point bu we were
down 9% on Friday on the ADRs we're down
another 6% here today uh Xiaomi Baba
Tencent are all falling uh substantially
HSBC so we continue to watch what goes
on with the financials given what we
talked about last week right about this
these crossber curbs on mainland
investors and where they can invest and
the like and that continues despite most
of sellside is saying the sell-off has
been overblown. Steve,
>> yeah, and it's going to be a common
theme for Bloomberg Invest. The the our
events this week, obviously, how far and
how deep are these regulatory crackdowns
going to be and go on the tracking of
the source of wealth for many of these
banks wealth management clients
obviously uh that they've been clamoring
for. Uh and again, is this going to cut
off the tap? Obviously the Chinese
officials do not want to see further
capital outflows at a time when their
economy is struggling to on solid
footing.
>> Yeah. So oil, we have that of course and
we have oil uh continue to fall with
what we're seeing here. But it's
interesting with oil markets higher. Um
some of these oil majors are actually
heading lower here this morning, but
we'll see how this all plays out for the
rest of the session. Chips are doing
this here right now. SMIC, Huah Hong,
some of these local chip makers. Yeah,
we're seeing some uh pretty painful
moves here right now. Huahong semi is
down some five more threads also down a
similar measure and we're watching of
course the sort of leveraged single
stock ETFs uh linked to Korea of course
in Hong Kong and there you go uh you are
seeing substantial losses there double
digit losses there for both of those
ETFs here right now uh Philippine
markets are also opening up here this
morning of course we continue to talk
about the roing of EMFX Sean Taylor was
saying how he was concerned about Azon
whether it was Indonesia uh even when it
comes to the Philippines even India
markets that just continue to struggle
and let's take a look at how the
Philippines is doing here because uh
that dollar strength certainly has led
to a lot of concerns about what happens
with the peso. There you go. We're
weakening substantially there by about a
third of 1%. We're hovering around that
62 handle once again for dollar peso and
the P comp is lower by about 1%.
>> Yeah, I mean
>> it's a big week.
>> It's a huge week. I mean obviously with
South Korea talking about u you know
making some uh moves against speculators
in the Korean Juan which is down some 7%
against the dollar so far this year.
We've already seen Philippines and
Indonesia intervene in recent weeks. Uh
so yeah, it's definitely a a trend we
need to watch as the Japanese yen as
well weakening past 160 again.
>> Yeah. And then there's your week ahead,
right? So Wednesday would be quite
interesting with those USCPI numbers.
And you know, now that bond traders seem
to be really kind of pricing out the
possibility of any rate cuts uh this
year. So I think they're pricing in a
rate hike by December now after that
blowout jobs report on Friday. Of
course, we have Bloomberg Invest. We
have the SpaceX IPO. We have the NBA
finals. We got the World Cup. I mean,
you got to pick your pick pick your bet
really what you want to talk about,
right?
>> Which one should we prioritize?
>> Which one? Maybe the second one.
>> Finals. No, [laughter] maybe the second
one. I think we're all going to be
involved with that one quite heavily.
Yes, we're going to be watching
inflation in the US. Yes, Friday, we're
going to be watching that space IPO,
SpaceX IPO, as well as pricing later
this week. Uh, and the World Cup, is
that in America? Do we play soccer? Do
we play football?
>> They play it's called soccer there.
[laughter]
>> But yes, Joe and Tracy, um, you know,
obviously you guys are here for for the
event and and we were really excited to
talk about, you know, the whole story
about Hong Kong was that it's back. Mhm.
Yeah.
>> We've come back from CO. I mean, Tracer,
you were here.
>> It feels better than when I left. For
sure. I left in early 2022 and the CO
restrictions were still in full force.
And then I was talking with someone last
night and they said it got really bad
last year. Is that right? That was like
the bottom of it, you think? And now
we're coming back.
>> Yeah. I mean,
>> Hong Kong always bounces back. Okay. I'm
not, you know, plugging a similar line
from the government, but they do. But
there's a bit of a reinvest
re-imagination of Hong Kong right now.
Especially what's helped is the the IPOs
in Hong Kong. There's been an absolute
uh lengthy pipeline of new listings. And
again, it plays into that whole AI
story. Again, how long is that pipeline?
Pretty long. How long are these gains
going to be happening? First day gains.
>> And I think Hong Kong has really kind of
changed its identity in some ways,
right? You know, I think maybe a decade
ago was more about, you know, how to get
we were the gateway into China. how do
you get your money into China?
>> It's almost the other way, right? We are
helping these Chinese companies in some
ways fund raise
>> and really tap into international
capital and they've really kind of
leveraged that uh with the the enormous
amount of pipeline that we see in Hong
Kong as well with a lot of these tech
companies planning to list here as well.
But we have seen of late some some going
on short
>> and the big theme and I go to China
about every two weeks. I'm spending all
my time there. The go abroad theme is
huge. It's a big momentum.
>> This is the thing. So, look, obviously I
don't have the experience that Tracy has
of living here, but everyone I've talked
to says the really big difference is
exactly what you said or a number of
people I've talked to is how frequently
people cross the border back and forth
like for shopping and stuff like that.
Like that was like, you know, like
several years ago, like the idea of just
going back and forth, I guess, was just
not as common. But like the integ the
daily life integration from based on the
people I talked to feels like a real
change since at least the last time I
was here. Well, Hong Kong's not the
shopping mecca that it used to be.
People go across the border.
>> It's everyone just like, "Oh, it's so
much cheaper, so just go across the
border and uh buy stuff."
>> I mean, you talk about cross the border.
I think the latest crackdown when it
comes to crossber investments. Um,
obviously we saw it first when we broke
that story a few weeks ago when it came
to the brokerages.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, and now there's concerns that this
could really hit the banks and the
bankers as well. And given the fact that
Hong Kong just recently narrowly, you
know, topped out from Switz Switzerland,
right, as being that offshore wealth hub
according to BCG. So, a lot of questions
to ask, of course, our guests at at
Bloomberg Invest.
>> Where's the money coming from? That's
what China wants to know. And the banks,
you know, have they done their due
diligence enough? Have they put in their
>> checks and balances?
>> Isn't there a knock-on effect on the
insurers as well? because they sell I
remember they sell so many like all the
ads walking around used to be for these
like insurance products
>> it it's the regulations if you read it
according to some of our our BI analyst
Stephen Lamb is that it's not really
it's more about securities but there is
the sort of concern that a lot of
mainland investors or people come to
Hong Kong to buy these insurance
products so now that there is concern
about possible
>> and they can cash them out and they can
get into the stock market they're see
they're seeing it these new listings are
not necessarily on the southbound
connect program where investors in China
can invest in them. So they they have to
wait a while until they're added to the
the indices here and they can add to the
connect program. But again, they seeing
the wealth being created here on those
big listings, but they how do they get
their money
>> into China? And that's why we had that
crackdown on a number of different
brokerages down in southern China who
were illicitly who who basically were
working without license to do so because
you know the mainland investors can only
take out $50,000 US a year per person.
So uh the authorities are saying there
might have been some forgery in
documents some malfeasants there. So
they're cracking down on that now.
>> And Julie Ren had a really good column
our Bloomberg opinion columnist this
weekend about crossber wealth. I think
BCG cited when it comes to Hong Kong
rose 10% to nearly $3 trillion now and a
big portion of that nearly 60% came from
of course uh the mainland flows. So this
is going to be a very big test case for
Hong Kong of what this these crossber
curbs mean for themselves as a financial
hub in some ways because I think the the
standard SOP has been for these private
bankers is that they go to China they
they they network they meet and they
build these relationships with clients
there but the clients have to come to
Hong Kong to set up that account.
>> Uhhuh. That's a relationship business as
many [laughter] of our as many of our
guests as many of our banker guests on
the podcast like to say.
>> Yeah. It raises a lot of questions about
the ability to onboard new clients if
they have to basically have a paper
trail of where that wealth came from.
>> Sometimes maybe a little bit difficult
for some of these u ultra high wealth
net individuals. Yeah,
>> you guys are going to be speaking with
the BU CO. I'm wondering how you guys
are preparing for that one.
>> I guess we'll ask him about the share
price, right?
>> Ask about the share price.
>> That'll be the first question. Yeah, I
mean the thing that strikes me as like
very interesting and then this goes
obviously back to the AI conversation is
you know in the US obviously we have a
number of players who are just pouring
unbelievable amounts of AI in money in
some capacity. Yeah. Right. But and when
it's so funny when I read about the
Chinese companies because the range of
companies that have some model out right
is so much vaster than what we have in
the United States, right? So we have
it's like basically Anthropic and OpenAI
and then the one real public company
that has a very advanced model is
Google. Yeah.
>> And then you read about like every
random Chinese company it's like oh yeah
we have an AI model out too. And so like
and of course so much more of it is open
source. So like a trying to understand
like why do we need like so many
different models and then b what exactly
is the investment rationale or how do
you think about you know what is a
question for a CFO how do you think
about allocating capital to those
investments when there's already a 100
different open- source Chinese models
and so forth like those are I'm really
curious about sort of the investment
rationale given the plethora of options
already available
>> Ivon is this where we open up the
conversation to the toilets and the lab
grown diamonds I think we can, right?
[laughter] Because you talk about the
even toilet makers like Toto that are
really pivoting the business into
ceramics to try to kind of take part in
this whole AI supply chain.
>> Well, Toto at least has like a
legitimate thing [laughter] that is
useful for chipm
um allirds remember
announced that it was going to become an
AI company. That is really where it's
like okay this is like uh crypto but you
know like when when everyone we're going
to buy some crypto miners and it's like
suddenly okay we're going to buy some
GPUs but I think the Toto thing is very
interesting to me because it's like you
could imagine and I'm not predicting
this and I don't want to get I don't
want to I don't want Bloomberg I got a
call from the IR department [laughter]
or something like that but you could
imagine right let's say you have a
company and they have one specific raw
material or component that has a lot of
high value in AI I maybe the raw
component is also used in toilets and at
some point they realize you know what
why are we still making toilets when the
[laughter] margins on this business are
so much higher and that is a real that
part is a real phenomenon not
necessarily with the toilets per se but
think about like just going back to the
core like an Nvidia or something why
still invest in the gaming business when
a GPU is obviously so much more valuable
in a data center or something like that
and I do think that we're seeing this
quite a that uh we uh electrical
turbines from a company like Caterpillar
cooling systems and so forth. These
companies that had multiple lines and
then you have this one buyer on the
margins are going to be so high and
demand in elastic because of the
existential threat of we just have to
build build. Why even allocate to these
legacy lines at all? I think is going to
be a really interesting question.
>> But this is the story, right? Like AI
basically eating the economy and
financial markets with it. Like we had a
great um live show in New York a couple
weeks ago and we had Torsten Sllock from
Apollo and he went through these charts
basically showing how much of the market
both in debt and equity is now AI.
Something like 50% of new investment
grade bonds sold so far this year are
tied to AI. And of course as we all know
like
>> 40% of the S&P 500 is now big tech.
Yeah. And
>> so he was making the point that like in
the past when we talked about
diversification, we used to talk about
6040 stocks, right? Or you try to get an
array of equity exposure and now the big
factor you have to watch out for is AI
and it's in everything and it's really
hard to
>> I was just going to say imagine the
person who thinks it's like you know
what I want to have my AI allocation and
my nonAI allocation. It's like oh I got
this toilet company and my
nonallocation. [laughter] THEY'RE LIKE
NO EVEN THAT'S AN AI COMPANY NOW.
>> I wish we were a podcast. We wouldn't
need to go to break. Yeah, [laughter] we
almost have to. We got to go to a break.
I mean, we're going to keep continue to
check markets here in the face of all
this selloff that we're seeing. Um,
yeah, and this week, you know, Joe and
Tracy, perfect timing. They're going to
be taking over the Hong Kong newsletter
as well. That's our insiders guide to
the money and people shaking up the
finance hub. That's out every Thursday.
You can sign by scanning, of course, a
QR code on your screen or through the
website loop.com. We got to write that.
>> Yeah, we got to get working and think
about what to talk about. Um, there's
there's news on Iran.
>> Yeah, let me just recap some of the
headlines. We're seeing Israeli uh
defense forces uh retaliating for those
Iranian missile attack overnight. Uh
blast heard now in the Iranian city of
Karaj west of Thran. IDF confirming they
have struck military targets in Iran. Uh
they struck targets belonging to Iran.
Explosions heard in other cities
including Tabre and Isvahan. We will be
keeping you up to date uh throughout the
morning.
>> Yep. And we're continuing to track this
uh tsunami warnings and of course this
earthquake in in the Philippines. So
this is a southern island of Mindanao uh
which did trigger tsunami warnings and
damaging buildings. We have heard from
the Philippines government saying uh no
deaths or injuries reported from this
earthquake so far. So we'll bring you
the latest once we know more. Keep it
here on Bloomberg.
[music]
>> Ah, just a typical night in Korea,
right? There you go. This is over the
weekend. Jung, the Nvidia CEO, enjoying
that Korea barbecue and drinks with
execs from SK Group, including SK Hineik
CEO Quatno Jung. Um, what the
interesting part about this, Steve, when
I I looked at the pictures, I mean, this
happens all the time in Taiwan. I feel
when Jensanity gets to Taipei, goes to
the night markets and stuff.
>> Tech titans in Korea, they don't do
this.
>> No, they don't do that. You're
>> they don't drink beer and have Korean
barbecue
>> unless Jensen Hong is there, right? So
maybe this will be the beginning of a
trend as they're drinking somac
together. That soju and beer. You
remember that fondly.
>> Brings me back to my college days.
>> Yeah, the soju bombs there. But you
know, again, I was in Comedy Tech last
week. Uh and the same thing happened.
The Jensanity happened and they alerted
all the media show up at this restaurant
at a certain time. You can barely get to
the front of the line to see it. But uh
obviously our cameraman was pretty good.
>> I go to Taiwan a lot and they have a
whole tour, the Jensen Huang tour of
where to go eat. He had he had tofu
desserts here. He had this here. So,
it's a whole foodie thing which Joe I
think you might want to like. Actually,
>> you remember like in the early 2010s
Mark Zuckerberg did his American tour
where he did like I need a barbecue and
stuff [laughter] like that. And so, it's
very interesting to see the like the new
version of this is not Zuckerberg with
Jensen, but doing all the same like
everyday stuff in Asia. Very like
history rhymes type.
>> Especially when he started jiu-jitsu. Do
we know if he actually has good taste in
food? Like has anyone been to the
restaurants? And it like
>> that's a subjective question.
>> I don't think he chooses it though. I
think they plan it for him. The best of
the best.
>> The best of the best. All right. Then
maybe a Jensen tour. Yeah, that makes
sense.
>> Yeah, it's a good one.
>> Wasn't the last time it was Korean fried
chicken that they were, right? So that
that created a big boom.
>> The fried chicken stocks went up as soon
as they started having beer there. It
was It was a great It was during Ape
when we were there.
>> That's right.
>> Taiwanese fried chicken. There's a great
spot here. I forget which one, but it's
on my This week. I forget the name of
the one daddy.
>> It's one of the ones I have to
[laughter] hit during the week that I'm
here.
Chicken places.
>> Um but Korea Mark, it's interesting
right you you you square all those
pictures and then there's this big you
know multi-year partnership with you
know SKH highix and Nvidia SK Telecom
and Nvidia. But coming against a
backdrop of of these stocks falling
quite a bit right this unwind that we're
seeing. I mean, obviously it was
parabolic on the way up, but seeing
that, you know, what we're seeing here
right now, and I know Tracy, you've been
talking about the ETF market and what's
going on there as well.
>> Yeah. So, the longer prices go up, the
more you get stuff sort of built on top
of those prices. Dean Kernet had a great
line, which is like price begets
behavior, right? Like investors start
coming in and so you get these single
stock ETFs offering like two times
leverage on SKH Highix or Samsung or
something like that. They've gotten
really really popular and really really
big. So the SKH Highix one is like 11
billion dollars in size now. And what
that means is they can't do all of their
hedging just with swaps with
counterparties. They have to go into the
options market and buy options. We think
there's some speculation over this. And
so
>> when the stock is going up, they have to
buy to hedge their exposure. And so you
get this added um upwards lift. But when
the stock starts going down, they have
to sell into that weakness and then you
get even more volatility in the stock
and you know even sharper drops and I
think that's kind of what we're seeing
right now. So this is the point like the
longer you see this kind of action in
the market the more super structure gets
imposed on it that ends up having an
impact on the underlying share price
itself.
>> Yeah. You know, the one big theme we
were talking about in Taiwan was about
how SK Heinix and Micron joining the
club like Samsung of the trillion dollar
valuation club and then Jensen Hong
talking up as well uh was at Marll, it
will be the next one. So you kind of
felt the frothiness in the market. And
one thing Renee Hos at ARM Holdings told
me in an interview last week is that
there needs to be better coordination
and discussion among the chip the memory
chip makers because there's only really
three Micron SKH High and Samsung that
are supplying the high bandwidth memory
right I'm not saying he's not saying
either a cartel but again there needs to
be better coordination. I think one of
the things we learned too during the
postcoid period is that order books can
sometimes be misleading because
companies over orderer and they're like
oh there's a shortage right now and so
they're going to double their order
triple the order going out many years
and I'm not saying like it's all going
to like evaporate. I have no idea. I'm
kind of skeptical in fact, but I do
think like we don't really know what any
sort of backlogs mean with any of these
companies because when there's a
shortage you're compelled to over order
and someone's like, "Oh my god, I've got
three years of backlog." You see in the
data center companies, etc. But this,
you know, this is what we called the
bullwhip effect a few years ago when we
were trying to understand supply chains
postco
>> and every part supplier that I talked to
whether it's Advantec or Delta
Electronics doing all the the not the
small, they're actually big, the cooling
hardware or whatever uh or Edge AI, they
all say their order books are order for
years, right? Years and they can it's
price insensitive because those pieces
are going to be a very small part of the
data center. So if they jack them up 3x,
what is it? How much does difference
does it really make?
>> Well, I thought they were price
insensitive, but I saw someone talking
about potential demand destruction in
memory now because like prices are
getting so insane and like tech
companies are creative, right? Like
maybe they will find a way around it.
>> That's true. Yeah.
>> At least for now. I mean, when you take
a look at what markets are doing, I
mean, you have the AI story and I think
even inflation is not really changing,
you know, hyperscalers and how they're
>> we have to watch we have to look at the
we have to stay up late to watch the
inflation numbers here.
>> Yeah. You got to wake up at like
>> you can find it on the
>> bloom. Oh, I got my [laughter] phone.
>> It's okay. You don't have to stay up.
Maybe for the fed, but no.
>> Oh, that's tough.
>> Yeah, we usually I mean it happens in
the middle of the night, but you know.
Yeah,
>> we don't sleep in a [laughter] you know,
we start the day.
>> I remember it. Well,
>> and then you get uh angry calls, right,
from editors in New York asking where
are you on this story and it's 2:00 in
the morning
>> and President Trump used to tweet
usually in the middle of the night. So
we we were the first to kind of feel the
market reaction. What's your time zone?
>> Oh, we have a ghost in the machine.
>> Yeah. Someone has been missing
[laughter]
uh from all this, of course, is is is
David who's uh actually on a on a train
a train on a plane bag uh from Europe.
He feels a bit left out. He wanted to
ask you guys
>> talk about never sleeping, right?
>> Because you guys are obviously, you
know, talking to BU, you know, when it
comes to guests on the show, I mean,
you've had so many over the last decade.
>> Who's the one that you haven't gotten
yet? Whether dead or alive, he says.
Who's the unicorn guest?
>> I mean, there's a whole bunch, but since
we're in Asia and since we should be
aiming big, I'm going to say Jensen.
>> Yeah.
>> But also, I can go even bigger than
that. She
>> Ping.
Sorry. That's our wish list. [laughter]
>> Okay. But he said, so I would add Herman
Melville to that because having read
Moby Dick last year, he would have been
the best OddLots guest ever cuz he goes
into such tremendous enthusiasm and
detail. Joe managed to turn every
episode last year into a discourse on
the whale industry in like 19th century.
>> So Xiinping and Herman Melville, if
you're listening,
>> those are the
two answers to David.
>> We'll bring it to you Melville.
>> Fat Daddy, by the way, I was going to
tell you about that that chicken shot.
>> The chicken. All right. All right. Um,
thank you,
>> Tracy, Joe. It's a pleasure to have you
guys here. Uh, of course, the OddLots
co-host, they're going to be here all
week. Make sure to check them out here.
Of course, there's going to be trivia
night for those night. Uh on Thursday,
they'll be quizzing the audience on
everything from freight to [music]
financial markets with prizes awarded to
those winning teams. They're also going
to be, of course, at the Bloomberg
Invest event.
>> So, let's do the mashup next year in a
restaurant.
>> Yeah. Over fried chicken. Why not?
>> Let's do the
>> Yeah. Another check of the markets here.
Continue to follow the sell off here
across [music] Asia. Yeah. Uh plenty of
red on the screen. This is the China
show.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. Uh this
Monday morning is looking a bit dicey
here. We take a look at what the text
sell off is doing and really bringing
down the likes of Shenzhen here. the
China X is down close to 2%. Uh but you
take a look at the rest of the region
and it looks slightly even uglier,
right? And given what we've seen the
Cosby uh in just the last couple hours
or so, it continues to be an unwind in
of course the semiconductor names here
this morning. Uh that big trigger we
talked about was of course that job
support out of the US which was a
blowout number and the resilience that
we're still seeing the labor market
continue to reinforce that maybe the Fed
may not be able to cut rates this year.
>> They may hike.
>> They may have to hike. a rate hike has
been priced uh for the end of the year,
December now. And you know, the Wall
Street is basically now uh really
changing things and really re abandoning
that rate cut calls as we countdown. Of
course, we're in a we're in a blackout
period for the Fed, but yeah, Kevin
Worsh first meeting June 17th.
>> I think this was pretty much predicted
though the, you know, following the
blood bath on Wall Street overnight,
NASDAQ 100 down 5%, S&P down 2.6, the
socks, Philadelphia semiconductor index
was down 10%. So, this is that reaction
to uh that sell-off. How long and how
deep does this go? So far, most of our
guests this morning, well, our main one
at the beginning of the last hour seems
still pretty bullish in the structural
soundness of the AI infrastructure.
>> Technical correction according to Shawn
Taylor from Matthews Asia, right? And
says, look, there's still reasons to be,
you know, find Korea attractive, whether
it's other parts of the nonAI side of
things. Um, but certainly there's
there's one thing to watch, right? We we
were we're actually hearing from the
president Lee uh in a press briefing
here this morning and talking about the
stock market itself. He says Korea stock
market's still undervalued according to
him. Keep in mind he had a target of
5,000 just when he started uh and took
office. So we're now getting close to
that what close to 8,000 level when it
comes to that benchmark here as well.
But yes
>> and she has left for North Korea.
>> Ah so that's been confirmed right. So
certainly it has been obviously a
whirlwind when it comes to the amount of
people that have visited the president
uh in China. Now he heads to Pyongyang.
So certainly a lot of questions. Is this
a friendship building sort of trip or
maybe more about leverage?
>> His first visit to Pyongyang since 2019
and his first, can you believe this?
Overseas trip in 2026. Wow.
>> So everyone was coming to Beijing. Now
he is making his first trip. Very close
by though.
>> Yep. We're checking when it comes to
EMFX in particular with Indonesia
markets coming online. Oof, we're
starting to see the JCI falling some 4%
at the get-go in Jakarta. So, uh we're
continue to watch what goes on when it
comes to currency side of things. 160
for dollar yen. That doesn't bode well
for the rest of uh the FX complex in
Asia. At least the Korean wand is
rebounding right after we heard from
South Korean officials about how they're
going to do make do something to really
try to stem uh the outflows when it
comes to the Juan as well. But look at
the ringit. Uh look at when it comes to
if we can bring up the rupia here this
morning. uh we are seeing Ria once again
fall to a record low.
>> Yeah. So the targeted measures that were
sort of uh telegraphed yesterday by the
Koreans uh a series of targeted measures
to work uh off that pressure on the Juan
um after it slid to its weakest level
since 2009 obviously. So um we'll have
to see what those targeted measures are
going to be. We've already seen
Indonesia and Philippines intervene in
their in their currency markets.
>> Yep. So then there you go. What does it
leave for commodities? Obviously, we've
been talking about there you go $18,116
for dollar rupia here this morning. The
stocks are down close to three. Uh the
commodity side of things. So, gold
obviously when you have the US 30-year
yield at around 5% levels. You know,
that really kind of limits or at least
uh reduces the exposure or at least the
interest into the gold side of things.
Uh we're down still about a tenth of 1%
for gold. Brent markets are still
elevated. We're at 96 for Brent. Uh WTI
is at 93. uh given the the latest news
of you know fresh strikes between Israel
and Iran this morning as well. Uh but
keep in mind we're still below that $100
barrel level. Bitcoin though, gosh, we
briefly broke below 162,000 I think over
the weekend. So certainly uh we're
seeing a bit of a bounce back, but yes,
it's been a whirlwind and roller coaster
there.
>> Let's bring in our markets reporter,
Anthony Stevens. Obviously, we're
watching the reaction on the markets
today. How how do you read what you see?
What are the numbers telling you about
the depth and breadth of this?
>> Right, the sell-off seems to be in
reverse order of positioning, right?
What people are long the most is getting
hit the most. Whether that's in Korea,
whether that's in Taiwan, whether that's
in Japan. Uh, and you're seeing
defensive names which nobody's owned
pretty much the whole of 2026 bouncing
very hard. This leaves China in a very
interesting place because China's banks
and consumer sector have been underowned
and they are showing resilience while
tech is getting sold off. But the key
question here is how much pain can
retail take in Taiwan and Korea. These
are two markets where retail
participation has been very high and
very successful. So they have some
cushion to reload if they feel like it.
But can they take this level of pain on
backtoback days? Now you can also see
policy makers focus on retail by
backtoback commentary from Trump talking
about good jobs should mean good
markets. And now you have the comments
from the Koreans as well. So this is a
very unusual situation where
participation in the AI theme
governments have pushed retail to
participate in stock markets right and
now they want to help them navigate this
turbulence now how much of that retail
believes in the coming days will be key
to this rally sustaining
>> right
>> what happens when SpaceX lists this week
what do you think flows are going to go
>> so it's a very interesting IPO first of
all right because 30% retail allocation
is pretty big for a huge IPO and it's
already being overallocated apparently
and then retail are also stretching
their limits by perhaps placing multiple
orders. So you're hearing a bit of back
and forth between Morgan Stanley and
some of the wealth managers. So clearly
there's a lot of retail demand for this.
Now when you see the pain in the listed
equities and the prospect of gains here,
retail is going to shift uh accordingly,
right? And this is going to be one of
the most important IPOs of the year for
that reason. Elon Musk has a very good
track record in helping his retail
friends make money when they do back
him. So there is definitely that
narrative. Where do we leave China?
Where does that leave China right now
when Yeah. Entra markets? I mean, you
talked about there's a bit more cushion
for this market, right?
>> China's, you know, safe haven status
seems to be bolstered by today's price
action as well, right? Like, you know,
overnight, uh, the China A50 futures
were not even down a percent. Now
they're down around a percent. Uh, the
Chex has bounced off the lows. And kind
of more interesting for me is some of
these new HStech entries are up 3 to 4%.
Right? there is still some buying demand
for AI plays in China. Uh you know if
the flow dynamic is supportive unlike in
the rest of the region one thing I just
want to touch on genuinely emerging
markets in Asia they are struggling. The
kind of countries that do not have tech
they in a very bad place because they're
selling off despite no one owning them.
That is a very dangerous and boring
sign. Indonesia is at the lows of the
year and keeps going lower. uh India,
Malaysia, these kind of names where they
need the Iran conflict to be out of the
way to have any chance in bouncing.
>> Anthony, thank you. Anthony Stevens
there, our bloom markets reporter.
Joining us now is Sylvia Shang, Asia
lead portfolio manager for multiasset
solutions at JP Morgan Asset Management.
I and I saw that you're still overweight
Korea. Yeah.
>> Um what are clients asking you now about
this market?
>> Yeah, so we are overweight Korea as part
of our EM overweight. Um clearly there
were a lot of questions about because
just how fast the market has been going
up. So worries about whether we do for a
technical pullback. I guess we we are
seeing that right now just the extent of
the market concentration also we have
seen a lot of retail participation in
the market as well. But I think
fundamentally when we look at the
outlook for some of the large stocks in
there, we're still seeing kind of demand
for compute much outpacing supply of
compute and we still feel there is a lot
of runway for AI capex as well. So that
should continue to support the growth of
that market longer term.
>> So you think this is pretty much a
structural move in the global economy
and not just speculative into AI? Yeah,
we do think when we look at AI, when we
look at kind of the utilization rate of
chips, it's still very high. So, we do
think it's different when we talk about
the docom bubble where a lot of fiber
optics wasn't used. And when we look at
this sort of investment into a major
technology kind of change, usually
seven, eight years, we still feel we're
in the early innings of this.
>> Okay. How do you stomach this though
when I'm talking about 6% losses in the
cost? It's not even a rare occurrence.
uh anymore. I mean, do you have to just
get even more granular in the supply
chain? Like is it is it just the picks
and shovels or what else? How far down
the supply chain of AI do you have to go
now? So, we do believe that we need more
diversified exposure across the AI value
chain, not just the hyperscalers, not
just the semis, maybe also the AI
enablers as well. So just to diversify
across the different parts of AI
obviously when we're investing into EM
volatility does come to it but it is
about kind of have that diversification
as well.
>> Yeah. Is this the call then to diversify
portfolios uh beyond even the the
smaller AI players to more defensive
stocks that we're seeing on a when when
you have a blood bath like that you have
obvious rotations into defensive stocks
but again it does there need to be a
broadening beyond AI
>> so currently when we look at our equity
overweight it's relatively diversified
so we are overweight US em as well as
Japan so we do have themes that's not
particularly AI related if you look
Japan overweight. It is really driven
more by the recovery of the economy,
reflationary dynamics and also the
structural support coming from corporate
governance reforms as well. We what
about when it comes to portfolio
construction? I mean it is 6040 I mean
that really largely hasn't worked if you
take a look at this boom in AI but but
what what works in terms of what the mix
should be across assets now when you
when you talk to clients. So when we
look at a balanced portfolio, obviously
it doesn't do us well when we have
inflationary concerns. I guess that's
one of the things that came out of the
whole Iran conflict which is still not
resolved yet. But we do think longer
term when you think about the
correlation between stocks and bonds,
we're not really expecting them to move
really positive. But we do think this
relationship is likely to be more
unstable because of volatility,
inflation. Obviously there are other
assets you need to think about maybe
gold or other real assets really to give
you more diversification in this
environment.
>> And what's your views on EM? I mean
there's different parts of EM. there's
some em that is very highly attached to
the IIA AI story but a country as
Anthony was talking about like Indonesia
which is not uh sure they have raw
materials and this that but that has
regulatory uncertainty completely uh
engulfing the news flow right there
because of the supposed nationalization
of the export of those key raw
materials.
>> Yeah. So when we look at EM exposure,
obviously we do have those more kind of
AI exposed names kind of Korea, Taiwan,
but we also think we do have exposure to
markets that have already lacked so far,
India, China and also we do think if we
have a resolution of this US Iran
conflict, if we have some sort of cease
fire, that should also help to support
the market as well. Um, people keep
asking about oil. When you're when we're
we're three months into this war and
we're still talking about a fifth of the
world's oil that's been basically
essentially shut in some ways. Why do
you think oil markets are still below
100 bucks right now and can it stay that
way?
>> Yeah. So I think the stability of the
oil price is definitely one of the
surprising thing we have seen so far.
But I think it's partly because we've
seen supplying supply actually coming up
from other parts of uh the world not
just from kind of uh the Gulf countries
also seeing kind of US increasing supply
and also we are seeing a level of demand
destruction as well. China has been
importing le less they are utilizing
their reserves. I think that's helping
to calm the market. But we shouldn't
forget we are moving closer and closer
to the inventory operational stress
levels even though that date continues
to be moved back. But I think that is a
looming cursor that we need to be
worried about as well.
>> You mentioned gold just a minute or so
ago, but you believe that that still can
play a strategic asset allocation in
portfolios right now at the levels that
they are above 4,000.
>> Yeah. So so we do think that's more a
strategic allocation. Clearly near-term
it hasn't worked as well because it is
trading more with the risk assets and
also it's negatively correlated to
yields the US dollar and oil price but
we do think when we have a ceasefire
that is likely to rally as well.
>> So you you're maintaining your prorisk
tilt in your portfolio.
>> Yes. Yes we are. That's really driven by
fundamentals. We think global growth is
still trending around trend levels that
we think that's still likely to support
uh risk assets in this environment. Even
high yield credit I see in the US I mean
spreads there are pretty tight already
they can do you think they can tighten
further
>> no I don't think there's much room for
them to tighten further but just because
we don't think there's much risk of us
going into a recession so it's still
happy to clip the coupon right now
>> all right Sylvia thanks so much for
joining us on a very interesting Monday
morning Sylvia Shang Asia lead portfolio
manager for multiasset solutions at JP
Morgan asset management all right well
still ahead um Which camera we have?
There we are. Israel says it hit
military targets in Iran after a barrage
of missile fire despite President Trump
urging Benjamin Netanyahu [music] not to
retaliate. Details are going to come up.
We'll give you an update on it. This is
Bloomberg.
All right, we're tracking EM here this
morning and we continue to see Jakarta
under quite a bit of pressure here this
morning. The JCI is down close to 4% and
it is a new record low when it comes to
the rupia at 18,134.
We have talked about uh when it comes to
this economy, they have intervened and
tried to at least stem the losses here,
but uh it's not really helping at least
today. Uh, also when you talk about that
JCI, we're at now the lowest levels
we've seen in about what five and a half
years or so. So, yeah, continue to not
see too much light up in sight when it
comes to Indonesia in particular. Israel
though, we've been talking about what's
been going on there. They say it has
struck what it calls military targets in
Iran after the Islamic Republic earlier
launched missiles towards Israel.
Iranian media are reporting explosions
heard in Thran and other cities.
President Trump spoke several hours ago
by phone with Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu, urging him not to
retaliate against the Iranian attacks.
Let's bring in our Bloomberg managing
editor Jill Diesus for the latest here.
Right now, we seem to be seeing more of
an escalation now between Israel and
Iran.
>> That's right, Ivon. And I think that um
you know, we're still this is still very
fresh line, still trying to get more um
on, you know, exactly the targets that
Israel struck here. Um but ultimately
does raise a lot of very serious
questions about the state of the
ceasefire but the state of those ongoing
negotiations. I mean as you just said
Axio reporting uh that Trump had just
spoken with Netanyahu you know o
overnight essentially uh saying do not
retaliate against these uh these earlier
strikes from tan obviously now we are
seeing that military action coming from
Israel the IDF saying that they've
struck these uh these targets. Um now
again still waiting to see what the
scope of the damage ultimately looks
like. um whether or not there's any kind
of a response from Iran. We have seen um
just some confirmation of these strikes
sort of trickle out um from state
affiliated media uh within Iran. But
ultimately, yes, very serious questions
about what this actually means for the
ceasefire because as we have been
reporting um you know this so much of
what the ongoing US Iran relationship
was going to look like, what that
potential truce longerlasting peace deal
could look like was about Israel's
involvement here.
>> Well, what does this say about Trump
Netanyahu relationship? if Trump is
telling him don't retaliate, but Israel
defense forces are going ahead with that
regardless, threatening, as you say,
imperiling that uh fragile truce of a
100 days or of a month.
>> Yes, that's right, Stephen. Look, I
think at this point um we still don't
have a ton of details on how exactly um
you know this might have been
orchestrated um by Israel, what exactly
they struck. I do think that the
significance of the targets is important
here. Um but yes, I think that um from
the the surface um certainly um does not
look like Trump is getting his way if
he's you know reaching out to Netanyahu.
I mean you know he had some pretty
strong comments uh overnight um just
about how you know Trump um feels he
should be in control of the situation
here. He calls the shots I believe he
was saying. Um so this um you know I
think does raise a lot of questions
about whether or not those deals are
ultimately um you know imperiled here
but again just really points to the
fragility of this uh ceasefire. This is
um you know some of the um most violent
escalation in attacks that we've seen um
since that initial uh US Iran truce was
ultimately announced in in April. Um so
we'll have to see um more details again
on what exactly these targets were and
how that kind of plays into some of
these negotiations. And again, we don't
know the level of uh damage or
casualties in Iran. And also, the
Israelis are saying they intercepted all
those Iranian missiles that were coming
to Israel, right?
>> Yes. Yes.
>> No casualties. Okay. Jill Dus,
Bloomberg's managing editor. Thanks so
much for keeping us up to date. Let's
I'll pivot over here to Minman Lo.
Chinese President Xiinping is heading to
North Korea today for his first trip
there in seven years. What's on tap for
this?
>> Yeah. Kim meeting.
>> Yes. uh presidency is probably one of
the least welltraveled global leaders
out there when it comes to major powers.
But I guess you could see this as maybe
a return trip if you will. Uh Steve, you
and I were there during the military
parade last year when Kim visited. So
there is a lot of questions about why
now, right? Why take this trip 7 years
after the last trip to North Korea? And
some political watchers are saying maybe
it's also because of the heightened
sense of threat in the region in the
neighborhood. Right? You look at Japan
and the Philippines combining forces
when it comes to their military
cooperation. You look at how North Korea
is also leaning more closer uh to to
Moscow as well, particularly after
attending the military parade last year
in Beijing. We know North Korea has been
supplying troops to Russia as well
during the war. So I guess this is a
time for President President Xi to
really show his face, reassert his
authority and his influence over the
region. Uh and of course this is coming
as North Korea has been flexing its
muscle right when it comes to nuclear
power. Uh just a few days ago before uh
she's arrival state media has been
publishing photos of this new enriched
uranium processing plant touting a
doubling of the production capacity. So
key to watch will be what is President
C's response to that? How much does he
you know push back uh on this
denuclearization effort? Yeah. In terms
of deliberals, what can we expect from
this trip?
>> Yeah. So, I guess we can we can maybe
take a hint from what President C has
written in his oped uh which was
published on North Korean state media.
He said that he's calling for uh the
military of both sides to have more
exchanges. He's calling for more
dialogue, more coordination. But he also
used that oped to really paint a picture
of the world order that he wants to see,
right? So, a more equal and multilateral
world order, calling for North Korea and
China to jointly oppose hergeminism. So
again, this is a an opportunity for
President Kim to really burnish his
image as this statesman, but also for
China to show the world that it's one of
the few major powers out there to have
access to all sides right at a time when
President Trump has been alienating many
of his allies with the tariff war.
>> Miml, our China correspondent there of
course of Xing's trip to Pyongyang. Uh,
of course and subscribers, you can also
turn to the terminal for more on this. T
Live Go is your function for the latest
updates plus commentary and analysis
from our expert editors. Uh markets are
in the red here this morning. Take a
look at your GM function. That is the
day to kind of bring it up on TV because
we continue to see a bit of a blood bath
here. If you take a look at how the
Taiwan, the TX, the NIK uh and South
Korea, the Cosby are lower by about four
to 5%, right? And that is, you know,
where we're seeing most of that
pressure. CSI 300 is actually relatively
speaking doing not as badly but we're
still down about one and a half% but
dollar continues to rain high against
across these Asia FX currencies here.
Look at the rupia. We're talking about
another record low. Taiwan dollar ringit
continue to see selling pressure here.
With the flip side though, Korean Juan
at least seems to have reached some sort
of floor after authorities have talked
about uh excessive moves and try to stem
of course the route when it comes to the
Korean Juan and Brent markets right
we're still around 93 $94 given the
tension between Israel and Iran and
bonds continue to sell off across the
curve here. Take a look at what we saw
with that US blowout jobs report. That's
what's roing the bond market once again.
We got plenty more to come. This is
Bloomberg
and welcome back to the China show. Here
are some of the corporate stories we're
following. OpenAI is reportedly planning
a major [music] platform overhaul ahead
of its IPO as it steps up competition
with rivals including Anthropic. The
Financial Times [music] says it wants to
turn Chat GBT into a comprehensive super
app that would incorporate [music]
functions built by partners such as
Canva and Booking.com as well as coding
tools including its software writing
product codeex. Well, the International
Air Transport Association or IATA says
the [music] airline industry will suffer
a sharp profit drop this year. It sees
net profit of around $23 billion
compared with 45 billion last year. IATA
director general Willie Walsh [music]
telling us the industry expects its fuel
bill this year to jump almost 40%.
Is the real impact of the increase in
the fuel price didn't really hit until
April. So first quarter was good, demand
[music] was good, uh and I think
airlines were looking forward to another
good year. But obviously, you know, with
the significant impact to uh disruption
in the Gulf and the very significant
impact on [music] oil prices, we're now
forecasting lower growth. Yeah.
>> Principally as a result of the negative
impact in the Gulf. Uh and then, you
know, much [music] higher uh costs for
the industry. um fuel bill will be about
a hundred billion US dollars higher.
>> And we just got some breaking news when
it comes to of course the AI fundraising
story. And this time we're talking about
Moonshot. Steve, of course, this is the
developer of the Kimmy chatbot. Well,
they're seeking as much as $2 billion in
this new funding round that would value
the startup at get this $30 billion.
That's according to, of course, uh what
we're hearing here this morning.
What a time right now. Obviously,
>> not necessarily, I'm saying the air is
out of the bubble, but uh an interesting
[music] time to have these [laughter] uh
valuation of $30 billion.
All right, this is Bloomberg. We'll be
right back.
>> [music]
>> In the longer run, this will prove to be
a technical correction, albeit [music] a
a, you know, a scary one in uh in a
longerterm bull market. And uh I think
we laid that logic out pretty clearly in
a report we did last week where the
underlying fundamentals are still very
very strong. This is an opportunity
whether it's a day or a week away to be
increasing exposure to these areas where
we know that earnings [music] are
continuing to go up.
>> All right, that was of course Tim Mo and
Sean Taylor there speaking of course
what goes on across the sell off here
where you take a look where Japanese
markets are going heading into that
lunch break. Yeah, they're going to need
a break to digest what's been going on.
We're down close to 4% on the Nicke225.
Softbang has been a big drag on that
market here this morning as well. And
yeah, we're back to above 160 for dollar
yen.
>> We should take notes from Jensen and all
the Korean executives and have some sac.
>> Oh, we might need it for today at 10:30
in the morning. Steve, gosh,
my head JJB yields are also four basis
points higher in the 10 years. So, yeah,
there's more, I guess, concerns in the
bond market that perhaps the Fed might
not be able to cut rates this year. Of
course, you have like the Goldman, the
latest there to change their attack and
say, "Look, yeah, we're ruling that out
now." of that possibility. Asian markets
or the rest of markets are doing this
here right now. Continue to see a lot of
pressure when it comes to Taiwan, when
it comes to Korea here this morning.
Cosby is down close to five. We're take
continue to watch what goes on with the
EM complex with Indonesia as well.
Record lows when it comes to that
currency here this morning. Uh and we're
watching still Cosby, right? Take a look
at a two-day chart. Uh and really
continues to show the the unwind that
we're seeing across some of these
semiconductor names. that stock market
optimism there is finally giving way to
some growing caution. Let's bring in our
Asia equities reporter Winnie Shu. She's
with us here right now. Um you know, is
it just buckle up? Are we are we bracing
for more declines? Yeah, for now that's
what we're hearing. Lots of this
cautious optimism in the market right
now. So the question really is now that
we're seeing Cosby down about 8% earlier
today and a bit of um losses pairing
right now. So it's that force between um
selling and also how much of a dip
buying that we're going to expect. So
interesting last week I was just in
Singapore talking to all these you know
hedge funds and investors and they are
saying that um in order to protect um
themselves they're actually adding um
they're trimming their upside exposure
but actually um to to fund their
downside puts. So, I'm glad that I guess
that strategy really played out for them
today because we still want to be riding
that momentum right now, tech momentum,
but just in case the momentum is too
strong. They are still looking for more
of these protections going forward.
>> Anthony Stevens made a good point
earlier. He was like saying a lot of
these authorities in Korea, in China,
elsewhere kind of wanting or in Taiwan,
actually, Taiwan and Korea, they they
want the retail investors to kind of
jump on board. Um, and then now you're
hearing President Lee in Korea actually
saying this is a market that's
undervalued, right? So there's they're
sort of hedging their bets as well. But
what are the big risk factors that we
should be watching that this is not
necessarily an undervalued market.
>> Yeah. So right now the structure of the
Cosby is just it's very very leveraged.
So we're looking at very high volatility
and on top of that obviously you have
these macro risks whether it's today's
geopolitical tensions with higher oil
prices weighing on South Korea being a
big oil importer and plus we you we just
talked about how there is expectation
for the Fed to potentially raise rates
but specifically to South Korea I think
another key risk that people have
started to realize especially during
conversations last week is that gap or
that divergence between the Wan and um
the stocks. Obviously, today we see a
bit of a rebound in the Wong because of
how um authorities are stepping in to
stem that weakness. But there seems to
be a negative cycle of foreigners forced
being forced to sell Korean stocks
leading to a net outflow of some 76
billion US dollars out of South Korean
market so far this year, weighing on the
Wan. And then that weakness of Dwan is
also making investors more hesitant to
put more money in the South Korean stock
market. So that is a key risk that
investors are flagging these days.
>> All right, Asia equities reporter Winnie
Shu, thanks so much for keeping us up to
date. Well, the South Korean one has
outperformed as we just talked about
other emerging Asian currencies on
Monday after authorities took steps to
boost the currency which fell to the
lowest since 2009 last week. For more,
let's bring in emerging markets and
macro strategist Marcus Wong. So, how
are you? Hey, Marcus. How do you see um
what just Winnie just talked about the
dynamic between the one day selloff that
we're seeing in Korea on equities versus
how that reflects into the one?
>> Well, well, she's right to say, you
know, that that you know, in the sense
that that one has been an anomaly in
emerging Asia. Of course, you know, the
you have the high yielder net importing
currencies like Indonesian, rupia,
rupee, Philippian peso being pubbled,
but you know, um, you know, maybe back a
month or two months ago, people
expecting want to be one of the better
insulated currencies essentially
because, you know, the robust AI boom
was supposed to insulate the net allimp
importing economy which is also South
Korea. But we instead we saw you know
huge foreign equity outflows as a result
and um and again you know it's not
partially due to what investors call is
is you know portfolio rebalancing that
has led to these equity outflows. But
today you know we've seen the warn
actually outperform all peers because
Korean authorities have come in more
forcefully. uh they've said that they
will investigate uh offshore trading of
of the one and they will also you know
look into practices by exporters and
importers in Korea and whether they have
taken you know um you know whether
they've you know taken whether they've
you know use the um weaker one to their
advantage. So basically the Korean
authorities are looking into this but
you know as we've seen with you know all
these measures you know announced by
different authorities at most you know
they can see a partial rebound on the
day a partial pairing of losses but this
does not you know change the overall
trae trajectory of the currency. um you
know just just to flag you know like
just even on Friday we saw the RBI
announce some measures uh basically to
encourage further um foreign investment
into his bonds as well also you know
redu reduction of capital gains tax on
on on trading of some of securities so
basically intervention is the name of
the game uh you know Indonesia, India,
South Korea today they've all come in to
basically stamp these losses that we've
seen you know um but you know end of the
day you know if the head if you know
there's a there's a probably CPI figure
coming in this week if it's hotter than
expected. Uh and the dollar could
rebound even further. Uh we could still
see further pressure on the one as well
as a lot of these emerging Asian
currencies as a result.
>> Yeah, as you mentioned with Indonesia,
right? It's still one of the worst
performers out there. Um you mentioned
there were some reassurances over the
weekend, but we're still seeing record
lows when it comes to the Rupia and and
analysts are calling the next two weeks
are quite critical. Uh there's a there's
a BI, I believe, meeting. They're also
talking a little bit about the MSEI
review. what needs to happen to reassure
this market and bring back confidence?
>> Well, you know, yes, you know, Bank
Indonesia and Indonesian authorities
have, you know, thrown in a a whole
plethora of measures. I think that it's
a fair comment to make, you know, um
everything from trying to hide rates to
selling more SRBIS. Uh but at the end of
the day, what what analysts keep coming
back to us to say that what what we what
Indonesia needs is policy credibility.
It need it needs measures from the
government to show that uh they are you
know that the fis the fiscal deficit are
3% is it achievable is it not uh if it's
not achievable what what measures are
they taking currently it is lacking so
far and what we've seen measures from
authorities so far is try tinkering at
the at the edges tinkering at the corner
trying to you know I guess defend the
idea as best as they can um so short and
long of it I you're right to say the
next two weeks will be important um you
know again there are there are rising
bets for bank ninja should to possibly
hike again by 50 basis points uh to
defend the rupia but in at least don't
see it as actually you know seeing a a a
durable turnaround as a result um and as
you're right to say also the MSEI
frontier MSCI um con the you know
classification is going to be very
important for investors moving forward
but again all all in all um bank
Indonesia has done a lot of measures and
and they will probably announce more
measures moving forward but what
investors want to see essentially is um
policy credibility from the woman.
>> That's right, Marcus. Thank you. And
Marcus Wong, there are Bloomberg
emerging markets and macro strategists.
I'm sure you've been busy. We'll let you
go, sir. I look at Asian markets as of
course go into a commercial break here
and we continue to see quite a bit of
red on your screen. As Winnie mentioned
though, we have come off uh when it
comes to the Cosby though. We're still
down about [music] 4 and a.5% or more.
We're also checking when it comes to
everything from risk assets, right?
gold, [music]
oil, Bitcoin. After we did see over the
weekend, Bitcoin briefly touched below
that [music] 60,000 handle. We're back
above 63,000 here right now, but gold
continues to see some pressure and $96
[music] for Brent. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Well, there's been a flood of new shares
from companies looking to fund their AI
ambitions. It's raising questions about
whether enough buyers are available to
soak them all up. You talk about the big
one this week, which is of course SpaceX
Anthropic as well Open AI in the coming
months could add close to $4 trillion in
market capitalization to US exchanges.
And really what we've been tracking
about here in this part of the world,
Steve, is really that Bloomberg scoop
that we got at the end of last week
about how China and Hong Kong investors
might not be able to get their hands on
the SpaceX idea.
>> And again, it comes back into something
that we've been discussing for the last
year and a half, and that is national
security. Well, longer than a year and a
half, but since the Trump
administration, obviously, a lot of
things have been talking about the
bifurcation uh between what is national
security and what is not national
security. Well, clearly SpaceX is a
priority on a national security front
and we talked about this earlier as
well. You know, Paul Chan, the financial
secretary in his budget address earlier
this year talked about how this the Hong
Kong stock exchange here in Hong Kong
needs to facilitate as well the
burgeoning Chinese space exploration
stocks uh for the Hong Kong EX. So, yes,
it's clearly been lumped into that
national security basket.
>> Yeah, let's let's take a little a little
bit more, right? Because what we've
learned uh over the weekend with
Bloomberg has learned these underwriters
on the SpaceX IPO have have been told
not to accept orders from investors in
Hong Kong and China because of national
security concerns. Let's bring in Manuel
Belgori. He leads our AP pack deals
coverage and joins us now on what we
know so far leading up to this IPO. Yes,
Ivonne. I mean, a lot of banks are
spending time, investors are really
eager and keen to get their hands uh
onto the IPO, but the problem is um
China and Hong Kong seem to be excluded
for now. um you know the the lead banks
on the IPO have given clear orders like
you know um they shouldn't be uh any of
the banks in the syndicate shouldn't be
taking orders from investors in China
and Hong Kong and Stephen and you were
discussing it is true is related to uh
national security concerns especially in
critical areas of technology um we
mentioned in the story uh IT air related
um uh items so I mean clearly satellites
AI you know Um it's it's critical on
that front.
>> We'll get pricing later this week. Does
the market sell off impact that uh at
all? How do you see it or is demand
going to be just uh gang busters as some
a number of fund managers have probably
catched up right now after the sell off
on Friday?
>> For sure, Stephen. I mean with IPOs, you
never know until the last minute, right?
So they can uh they can pull it uh and
you know wait until the next window. I
mean this one is huge. So for sure they
will want a good deal. Uh there is
plenty of demand. I mean it's a deal
that has been talked about for a long
time and obviously uh there is a lot of
excitement but at the same time the the
market needs to be there uh to absorb
all this capital and all these uh
papers. So let's see how the week goes.
Uh it's towards the back end of the
week. Uh but definitely this volatility
doesn't help for sure.
>> You've been covering deals for a while.
Has something like this happened before
where where a subset of investors have
been barred from investing into a
sensitive IPO?
>> Well, we've seen Ivonne uh all kinds of
twists and turns and kind of like
nitty-gritty details affecting uh deals
both IPOs and M&A. Um but I think you're
right. I mean when we look at other
deals say uh tech startups uh that grew
really quickly and became very popular
in the US.
>> We believe you know from recollection
that Chinese investors were always kind
of you know invited to participate and
they always found a way either through
special vehicles or offshore funds or
so. Uh this one seems a new twist in
that kind of like restriction type of or
um geopolitical standoff. So um yes,
we've seen all kinds of restrictions,
but I think this one is a high-profile
one for sure.
>> Manuel Beori who leads our AP pack deals
coverage. Thanks so much for joining us
on SpaceX coming up Friday. In other
news, Hong Kong has implemented new
guidelines for banks [music] to ensure
the account opening process is compliant
and orderly. Quote unquote follows
Beijing's crackdown on illegal crossber
trading. The Hong Kong Monetary
Authority or HKMA says the rules are
similar to new regulatory requirements
for brokers managing the accounts of
mainland Chinese customers.
Well, AX's Greater China CEO says firms
must stay compliant as Beijing tightens
scrutiny on crossber capital flows, but
Sally Wan told us Hong Kong will remain
a major offshore wealth hub with growing
demand from ultra high netw worth
clients.
In Hong Kong, um we are already managing
$2.9 trillion US offshore wealth today.
And I think there are many ways of
compliance opening account, compliance
trading and very compliance insurance
purchasing. So therefore I think we need
to be uh understanding that the the the
compliance way of trading in Hong Kong
is still here and also um this segment
is growing. The wealth many of the
wealth is already offshore and many of
them is diversified in different
regions. So we need to understand that
in Hong Kong we need to have this
platform and we are international
financial center where we have a very
good foundation for asset management and
wealth management together with
insurance solution. It is very very good
for the um ultra high net worth segments
or even the high net worth segments to
continue to grow in this area. There is
a lot of risk though particularly on the
concern that in the coming months we may
see more reach from Beijing in terms of
tightening these rules. Is that
something that your compliance teams are
working towards?
We are always working with very
compliance um way of um insurance
selling and insurance purchasing in Hong
Kong. Um I think we need to be conscious
that there's still a big protection gap
in this segment. So for the wealth that
is already in Hong Kong, we need to
penetrate more on the insurance gap and
the at the same time we need to make
sure that we are compliance in every way
every way with the authorities.
>> And that was AXO Greater China CEO Sally
Wan speaking exclusively to Heidi Stra
Watts there. And of course, the China
show will be live at Bloomberg Invest
Hong Kong this [music] Wednesday. Stay
tuned for conversations with Hong Kong
financial secretary Paul Chan, Hong Kong
Exchanges CEO Bonnie Chan, and the CFOs
of BU [music] and Lenovo.
SKH Highix has been Nvidia's largest
memory partner. SKH Highix will continue
to be Nvidia's largest memory partner.
It's more than two. We have the
opportunity to keep extending. Uh we we
already procure and we we buy from SK
Highness uh already billions and
billions of dollars each year and it's
going to grow. It's going to grow
substantially.
With respect to the stock price,
everybody should be very excited. they
can now buy stock at a cheaper price and
and uh and it's absolutely true that um
the future of AI is very bright.
It is completely it it is a foregone
conclusion that AI will be
infrastructure for the world.
>> There you go. Video CEO Judson Huang
speaking to the media there and saying
yeah buy on this dip here. It's a good
opportunity. [laughter]
>> Dollar cost averaging here. Well, this
is of course after Nvidia and SKH Highix
agreed to partner on designing future
generations of memory chips for AI. So,
uh, with this new Vera Reuben chip
there, they talked about that
partnership with SKHEX. SK Telecom also
came out with some deals with Nvidia.
So, yeah, it's it's interesting how
much, you know, Korean fried chicken,
some barbecue, and some soju and beer
can do.
>> You know, the I did a story on it last
week. It's like Jensen Hang talks, he
moves the market. He talked up ARM
Holdings. Stock went up 16% at one
night. Marll went up 33% the most in 26
years. Uh when he called Marll the next
trillion dollar valued company. Uh a
little bit more difficult time now with
the backdrop of a big global selloff
right now talking up Korean. But he is
still talking up his partners as again
he is now announcing last week in Taiwan
that Vera Rubin the next architecture
next platform uh CPU and GPU. Vera being
the CPU and uh Reuben being the GPU is
now in full production and he's going to
be tapping his partners in Korea.
>> Perhaps that's why SK Telecom is up some
5%. Right. They announced to build the
AI cloud
>> uh in South Korea with Nvidia's DSX
platform. So, uh that's bucking the
trend here, but Samsung Electronics
continues to see that pressure uh here
today. Highix though not as bad. We're
we're lower by about one and a half% or
so.
>> Could have been worse, right? And that's
what we're going to be looking at
throughout this day, whether they're
going to be pairing some of those losses
over the course of the morning because
again, the question now is how deep and
how wide is this sell-off?
>> How deep is your love for AI? Oh, you
went there. You got me there, Steve. All
right, SKH. Why are we showing this
again? Yes, there you go. We're now
we're one and a half%. Uh in terms of
some of the losers on the HSI, I mean it
still seems to be remaining some of
these big internet platforms, you know,
when you take a look at when it comes to
Baba Bu, we're watching Lenovo as well,
which you know, we we continue to talk
about the rerating there. There's going
to be a lot of questions to ask Winston
Chang at Bloomberg Invest when he speaks
on stage, but there you go. Lenovo
actually has rebounded uh by about 1%
here, but you're still seeing some big
losses when it comes to BU Baba and
Sunny Optical here this morning. You
take a look at Jupu though. Take a look
at this one. I mean Jupu
>> there are some bright spots right we
talk about the rotation but then we take
a look at some of these you know AI pure
plays you have JUPU you have Shanghai
beer techch these were one two of six
that were set to join the the stock
connect. So at least there's plenty of
of reasons to be optim optimistic there
today. So yes so parts of the AI trade
are still doing quite well here. Uh you
zoom out and look at GMM though it's
it's you know the headlines don't look
good. um from where you look right so
whether it's Japan whether it's Taiwan
whether it's Korea you're still seeing
substantial pressure there em like you
know like Indonesia continues to see
Jakarta's down some too here so the
dollar is still looking stronger against
most Asian currencies with the exception
of the one given what we heard from from
officials there but yes what else are
you tracking right now Steve
>> well I'm I'm still tracking Jensanity
that's in South Korea uh he's putting a
brave face Jensen Wong putting a brave
face to this market sell off saying it's
a great buying opportunity obviously
that had been getting quite frothy and
just that that dinner that they had the
barbecue dinner with the heads of SK
Group LG and neighbor and guess who
picked up the bill was it Jensen Hong
who picked up the bill
>> he didn't neighbor the youn [laughter]
the youngest in the group youngest in
the group neighbor
>> he had the digital payment
>> had the digital payment
>> he had the digital payment yeah easiest
way to pay so yeah there was that I mean
certainly it it made all these tech
titans in in Korea be like, "Oh god, I
got to deal with all this press and and
this rockstar status that Jensen brings
with him, right?"
>> It is not something the average Korean
executive, chairman, CEO, COO, CIO does.
They are not that media friendly like
Jensen Hong has created sort of an
industry of going out and walking
amongst the people.
>> Yeah. So, that was a sight to see. um
and and really you know where you're
seeing this whole supply chain in Asia
and where these partnerships with Nvidia
continue to lie and be strong uh on a
day when we are continuing to see quite
a bit of pressure here obviously when it
comes to the week ahead you have
inflation numbers of the US that could
be the next catalyst in these bond
markets here uh just given what we've
been seeing this repricing of of
possible even rate hikes from the Fed as
early as the year end as well
>> that's right I mean again just back to
Jensen he's a good salesman When the
market's down, you got to sell. Yeah.
Right.
>> Um, we're still tracking what's going on
in Iran, right? So, in the last couple
of minutes, we're hearing from the
Israeli Defense Force about identified
launch of a missile from Yemen
>> towards Israel. So, even this morning,
we're still feeling the effects of this
Iran war and and continued strikes
between Iran and Israel.
>> And this is what we'll be talking
[music] about as well the rest of this
week about the selloff and also whether
this is a a breaking essentially [music]
of that fragile truth. That's it for us
here on the China show.